[Music]
the 5 scariest secrets of the Bermuda
Triangle the Bermuda Triangle
also known as the devil's triangle is a
notorious area that lies in the North
Atlantic Ocean between Florida Porto
Rico and the island of Bermuda if you
draw a line connecting these three
points you get a huge triangle in fact
it's estimated to be a whopping 500,000
square miles in size there are few
people who haven't heard of this
mysterious place and all the horrible
secrets hidden in its depths it both
terrifies and simultaneously mesmerizes
people all over the world with its
spooky statistics 300 ships that
vanished without a trace
75 aircraft that simply vanished out of
thin air and over 1,000 victims who
never made it home to their families
with each passing year we see different
theories attempting to explain the
phenomenon of the devil's triangle but
we still don't know for sure what
exactly this place is some say it's
cursed others say it's something
paranormal and there are those who
believe it's got something to do with
aliens whatever it is not even
scientists fully understand the cause of
all the tragedies that unfold in the
Bermuda Triangle here are five of the
area's most mysterious disappearances
some of them centuries old some eerily
recent watch and draw your own
conclusions the Mary Celeste believe it
or not the Bermuda Triangle already
started gaining fame in the times of
Christopher Columbus during his voyage
to the New World the Explorer noticed
pillars of fire falling from the sky
and crashing into the ocean near this
arcane area at that time there wasn't
any developed system of communication so
people didn't find out about the
triangle until the 20th century but even
before that the mysterious place was
claiming victims on a regular basis one
of the most well known disappearances
was that of an American merchant ship
called the Mary Celeste the vehicle set
sail on November 7th 1872 with the
ship's captain Benjamin Briggs along
with his wife their two-year-old
daughter and a crew of seven onboard
they were heading from New York to Genoa
Italy with a precious cargo of 1700
barrels of raw alcohol less than a month
after their journey began and just days
after the ship's last recorded entry of
November 25th a British vessel called
the de Grazia happened to come upon the
Mary Celeste floating under a partial
sail everything looked normal and intact
except for one thing there wasn't a soul
on board the ship and the lifeboat was
missing the only thing that seemed out
of the ordinary was a single sword lying
on the deck before you put it down to a
pirate attack you're about to find out
why it couldn't have been all of the
crew's belongings a six-month supply of
food as well as the transported alcohol
were untouched any other theories such
as an undersea earthquake a giant squid
attack or a natural disaster can be
ruled out too since the vessel wasn't
damaged whatsoever it was a clear day
the ship was in perfect working order so
why would people leave it and never come
back
whatever the reason neither the crew nor
the lifeboat was ever found
well this mystery doesn't have a direct
proven connection to the Bermuda
Triangle some researchers believe that
these innocent lives
were claimed by the cursed place the
Ellen Austin is curious finding in 1881
the 210 footlong American schooner Ellen
Austin was sailing from New York to
London when the crew spotted an
unidentified ship drifting in the
Sargasso Sea which is on the northern
edge of the Bermuda Triangle something
seemed off about the ship as if there
wasn't anyone on board so captain Baker
of the Ellen Austin decided to observe
the derelict ship for a couple of days
to make sure that it wasn't a trap once
that time passed he ordered his crew to
board the abandon vessel they saw that
everything was intact the shipment was
well packed but there was indeed nobody
on board so captain Baker decided to put
his best men on the mysterious ship and
tow it back to New York with him at
first the two ships sailed side-by-side
on beautiful calm waters but when a
strong storm came out of nowhere two
days later and separated them the Ellen
Austin lost track of the abandoned ship
once the storm calmed down a bit after a
few days captain Baker found the
derelict ship yet again drifting
aimlessly at sea upon catching up to the
vessel and checking it out the captain
was shocked by what he found the ship
was in the same perfect condition as
before but without a single soul on
board this part of the story has been
confirmed but there's more to it some
people believe that captain Baker made
one more attempt to bring the ship back
to land
but after tried number two ended in the
same exact way the Ellen Austin just
left the seemingly cursed vessel alone
according to another version the
derelict ship was spotted once again but
this time with a crew different from the
one left by captain Baker
nobody but the devil's triangle itself
really knows the truth the USS Cyclops
in the entire history of the u.s. Navy
there hasn't been a larger single
accident loss of life than the tragedy
that happened to a huge fuel ship called
the USS Cyclops in March 1918 the ship
was supposed to deliver ten thousand
eight hundred tons of manganese ore from
Brazil to Baltimore which means it had
to go right through the heart of the
Beast the ship set off on a nice day and
the only message ever received from the
crew stated that they weren't having any
troubles whatsoever and then the ship
with its three hundred nine people on
board simply vanished
the captain of the Cyclops never sent a
distress signal or anything like that
just poof gone even after the area had
been thoroughly searched no traces of
the vehicle were found the investigation
never did discover the cause of the
disappearance the Grumman cougar jet one
of the more recent bermuda mysteries is
the disappearance of a Grumman cougar
jet it was 1991 at around Halloween time
piloted by John Verde and his copilot
Paul lucaris
the jet was flying over the Gulf of
Mexico heading for Tallahassee the
weather wasn't ideal a bit overcast with
scattered storms so in order to get up
above the turbulent clouds Verde asked
the flight center for permission to
increase the altitude it was granted so
the pilot started to do just that as the
jet was ascending into some sunlight and
out of the cloud cover it vanished from
the radar the controllers couldn't
believe their eyes in the spot where
they had just seen a plane literally
moments ago there was now only an empty
space they tried to call the pilots but
there was no answer and yet again there
were no distress signals or Maydays or
anything before the disappearance the
plane wasn't falling into the ocean in
fact it was quite the opposite it was
gaining altitude it seemed to just fade
away as it was ascending to the
necessary height no trace of it has ever
been found the mu2 b and now for the
most recent on May 15th 2017 a
twin-engine plane took off to deliver
sky light Group founder and CEO Jennifer
bloomin along with her two little sons
just three and four years old two
Titusville Florida piloted by Nathan
Ulrich the plane left huerto Rico at
11:30 a.m. the weather was good the
flight was going smooth as butter and
nothing could have predicted the tragedy
but when the plane reached an altitude
of 24,000 feet it just vanished from the
radar Miami traffic controllers also
lost radio contact with the aircraft the
next day 15 miles to the east of
eleuthera island in the Bahamas the US
Coast Guard spotted some debris which
they believed were the remains of the
missing plane however neither the
passengers nor the pilot has ever been
found
there have been so many more
disappearances over the years in 1941
the USS Proteus and USS Nereus went
missing on the same route their sister
ship the USS Cyclops had taken several
decades before in 1945 flight 19
disappeared over the area of the Bermuda
Triangle and one of the rescue aircrafts
sent to search for that missing plane
also never came back
there are countless more stories like
these none of which have a concrete
explanation what we've covered today are
just some examples of all the souls
taken by The Devil's Triangle what
version of their disappearance
do you believe tell us in the comments
below don't forget to click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]